  Banking

ACH (Automated Clearing House).
  a type of electronic funds transfer system .When you sign up for direct deposit of your paycheck at work, that money often moves into your bank account via ACH.				
APR (Annual Percentage Rate).			
  The total annualized cost of a loan.When you borrow money the lender is required to disclose the APR, so you understand the full cost of borrowing the money.				
APY (Annual Percentage Yield).		
  The annual yield earned on a deposit account				
ATM (Automated Teller Machine).		
  A convenient location for basic banking transactions, such as withdrawing cash, depositing checks or making balance inquiries.				
Check.			
  Some people write paper checks and other people use their bank’s online bill pay feature to issue electronically generated checks.				
Compound interest.	
  the powerful financial effect that helps your savings grow over time. With compound interest				
Debit card.			
  a payment method that’s connected to your checking account, the money that you spend gets deducted from your checking account balance.				
Fraudulent charges.	
  If a suspicious transaction occurs on your account, your bank may prevent the payment from going through until they talk with you to confirm that the purchase is valid.				
Grace period.		
  A certain amount of time when a borrower can delay making a payment on a loan or credit card account without paying a penalty or incurring interest charges.				
Joint account.	
  An account with two or more owners that own the account equally. For example, married couples.		
  
  
  Telecommunication
  
Bandwidth	
  capacity of connection		
Call Forwarding		
  Direct call to another place	
E Phone			
  Emergency Phone			
DHCP		
  server that provide address to each device		
Network		 
  one or multiple connection	
IP	
  address of each device		
TCP		
  Protocol that control the transmission		
TCO	
  purchase price of an asset and the costs of operation		
VPN	
  Virtual Private Network		
WAN		
  Wide Area Network		

	
    Healthcare
ADHD	
  The abbreviation for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.		
Aorta		
  The largest artery in the body.	
Cardiac arrest	
  A cessation of the normal regular muscular contractions of the heart, meaning blood cannot be pumped around the body		
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR)		
  Involves the administration of live-saving chest compressions to someone who is not breathing or who has suffered a cardiac arrest.		
CCT	
  Certificate of completion of training. Confirms that a doctor has completed an approved training programme in the UK		
Doppler	
  Doppler effect  is the change in frequency or wavelength of a wave.		
Electroencephalogram (EEG)	
  A test to record the electrical activity of the brain		
ERCP	
  Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) is technique where a thin flexible tube with a light and camera is inserted via the mouth.		
HCPC		
  The Health and Care Professions Council. A regulatory body that maintains a register of a number of healthcare professions.		
LINAC		
  Linear accelerator, which is a device used for external beam radiation treatments for patients with cancer.		
  
  
